>How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

Using the diff we could locate the typos in two versions of the same file. 
Any changes made in the newer version can easily be vied from the terminal.

>How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

Troubleshooting and reverting back any unconditional changes the I've made.
I can rebase any version of my code.

>What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?

#Manual Save#

Pros: 

-Better flexibility on when to save.
-Versions can be set by the user

Cons:

-Difficult to choose when to commit
-Prone to human error

#Automatic Save#

Pros:

-Any changes made is likely to be saved
-No need to worry about committing

Cons:
-Unnecessary commits
-Cluttering of history


>Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Because Git is a code based version control system in which each files may or may not be dependent on others. Hence a commit should include saving multiple files in a repository. In Google Docs, the documents need to be eidited and each file need not be saved seperately because they are indipendent.


>How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
git log gives a log of the various commits done with a specified description. git diff gives the additions and removal of code in two commits. By making use of these coammands we can sussecfully view the history of files. This is done by emxamining the diffrences of each commit from another.

>How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

Instead going through the entire lines of code, I could just use git diff command to just view the code that introduced the bug. This is how version control helps me to find my mistakes. Hence using version control I can be sure that my changes can easily be figured out making me more confident that I will be able to fix my errors easily. I can be very sure that I always have my most recent non-buggy version of my project backed up.


>Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
I wanna start trying out Git to manage my andoid projects. I wanted to learn how to use Git just so that I can manage Android projects.

